[somber music plays]
[PA system] Orderly to OR six.
[cell phone buzzes]
Hey, Johnny.
Hey, how's she doing?
[Amanda] No updates yet.
She's still unconscious.
They're monitoring the bleeding.
-I need you to do something for me.
-Of course. Anything.
With Miguel dropping out,
Miyagi-Do is down a fighter.
Find Kenny Payne
and put him on a flight to Barcelona.
Of course. I'll go right now.
-[Johnny] Thanks, Amanda.
-Yeah.
[sighs]
-Your mom's gonna be fine. Don't worry.
-Yeah.
Sorry.
[somber music continues]
Can you maybe do that later
so the rest of us can get on?
Relax, buddy.
Economy ain't going anywhere.
[tense music plays]
Hey, look. Stay calm, okay?
Last thing we need to do
is get kicked off the plane. Please.
[flight attendant] Sir?
[man] Oh. [chuckles]
"Neat" means "no ice," babe.
-I'm gonna let you try it again.
-I'll take that if he's not having it.
Main cabin drinks will be for sale
once we're in the air.
-Yeah, but this one's already made.
-Sir, are you gonna be a problem?
Honestly? Probably a little.
Oh man, what a day.
I can't even imagine
what Johnny's going through.
I just wish we could do something.
Yes, of course.
But, uh, we also have
big problem here, Daniel-san.
I knew Kreese hated my guts,
but kidnapping me?
Come on, man.
How did Kreese know you were searching
for answers about Miyagi?
His partner.
She was there when I was asking Gunther
about the headband.
She probably set
his whole scheme in motion,
and now they got this long-haired brute
doing their dirty work.
If Kreese thinks he can pull this shit
and get away with it,
he's got another thing coming.
Looks like we got LaRusso rattled.
Good.
Now the real fun begins.
Dial up the pressure.
Enemy soldiers
should never rest,
even if they're off-duty.
Understood.
[ominous music plays]
[Kim Da-Eun] I don't approve.
Our team should be focused
on the tournament.
I won't have my grandfather's students
risking the shame of disqualification
for petty fights off the mat.
Your grandfather is the one that taught me
that battles aren't reserved
for the battlefield.
The kids will be fine.
Trust me.
[Chozen] Trust me, Daniel-san.
Kreese expects retaliation,
so we must show restraint.
Focus on competition.
[Daniel sighs]
We will take revenge on mat.
You're right. You're right.
[sighs]
I'm sorry I was not there
to help you, Daniel-san.
I was in very bad place.
Feel great shame.
But now I am focused.
It is your turn to rest.
I will stay awake and make sure
Cobra Kai does not strike again.
I could use some shut-eye. [chuckles]
But if we're gonna stand down,
we've gotta go into defense mode.
The kids have to stay in for tonight.
[Hawk] Sensei Chozen.
Uh, the team and I really need
to clear our minds tonight.
Is it cool if we hit the town?
Only if you hit the town hard. [laughs]
[Hawk] Hell yeah!
Do not worry, Daniel-san.
Kids will be okay.
All right, man.
[chuckles awkwardly]
[Daniel sighs]
[ominous music plays]
[upbeat Spanish music plays]
What are we gonna do
now Sensei Lawrence and Miguel are gone?
Well, I heard they're gonna fly in Kenny.
Yeah, 'cause the kid that shit his pants
is totally gonna save the day. Whoo!
[Robby] I hope Carmen's okay.
-Did you talk to Miguel before he left?
-For, like, 30 seconds.
We were so excited about
exploring Barcelona together. And now…
How are you feeling?
Not great.
-Thinking about adding rum to this Coke.
-Yeah, right. You don't drink.
Now might be a good time to start.
I've been screwing everything up
since Tory put us on a break.
And you know what makes it worse
is it's not even affecting her.
She's fighting better than ever.
Tory chose the other side.
And I feel terrible for her.
But we can't keep letting her
get in our heads like this.
It's time to accept that she's against us.
[upbeat music continues]
I'm gonna get some air.
It's the tooth fairy.
See her knock that girl's tooth out?
She's a badass.
Smokeshow too.
[music stops]
[doorbell chimes]
[Amanda] Kenny, hi.
I come bearing great news.
How do you feel about a trip to Spain?
-What?
-[Amanda] I'm sorry.
That sounded like
I was selling a timeshare.
A spot opened up in Miyagi-Do,
and they need you
to compete in the Sekai Taikai.
Yeah, I'm… I'm not doing that.
-Have a good day, Mrs. LaRusso.
-Wait, wait. You don't wanna go?
No offense, but I don't want
any part of Miyagi-Do.
Not after what your son put me through.
This is about Anthony?
I mean, I knew you had your issues,
but I thought everything was fine now.
Fine? He drugged me
and made me crap my pants.
You haven't heard?
Look up "Shit Butt" memes.
Won't be hard to find.
[exhales]
[alert chimes]
What are you doing?
-Trying to get us home faster.
-What?
Excuse me, stewardess.
Why is the plane doing this bendy thing?
You mean following the curvature
of the Earth?
Map looks flat to me. Tell the pilot
to fly straight. We're trying to get home.
Hey, man. Listen, everything's
gonna be all right. Don't worry.
How can you tell me that
when my mom might be dying?
-I'm just trying to help.
-Well, you're not. Okay?
You were disregarding me all tournament.
And you're making things worse right now.
You'll probably make things worse
at the hospital too.
Like drinking in the parking lot
when Robby was born.
No wonder Robby's so messed up.
Hey, man, that's a low blow.
Don't bring Robby into this.
I know you're upset
you didn't get captain,
but he won that fair and square.
It's not my fault you choked.
-Is this man bothering you?
-No.
-Yes.
Come with me.
I have a seat available for you up front.
Miguel. Come on. Really?
You're going up front?
Miguel. Miguel.
-[dog whines]
-Come on.
[dance music plays]
Need to go inside. Looking for teenagers.
I heard that one before.
All right? Get lost.
See, I told you. No teens inside.
You let her cut the line?
Yeah, she's hot.
What are you doing here?
Looking after my students.
Or maybe you're looking
to make more trouble for Miyagi-Do.
Not unless you give me a reason to.
No, no, no, no.
Take whatever this is someplace else.
If you're looking for teenagers,
try the beach district.
I need a taxi.
[upbeat Spanish music plays]
Do you have a tab?
I got this round.
My sponsors are paying
for this whole trip anyway.
You should take some photos so you can
remember your one trip to the big time.
Maybe I'll take a photo of you
on the mat at the finals.
Knocked out.
Next to all of your teeth.
Thanks for the drink.
[upbeat music continues]
-Remember, you have a girlfriend.
-Yeah, so do you.
Oh shit, she's coming over.
We have girlfriends. We love
our girlfriends. Think with that head.
Qué tal, boys? Having fun tonight?
-Yeah.
-Yeah. Fun night.
I like your hair. It's so cute.
Thank you.
I have a girlfriend though.
Well, how about you, tall man?
Do you want to dance?
I thought you'd never ask.
-[Hawk] What…?
-[Demetri] I'm on vacation.
[upbeat music continues]
Is your boyfriend better at kissing
than he is at fighting?
Stop that.
What? I'm just being friendly.
[bartender] What can I get you?
Uh…
Can I get a rum and Coke?
-Double, please.
-[bartender] Right away.
-[Daniel] Don't think he's gonna make it.
-[electronic voice] Three, two, one.
Liftoff.
[explosion]
[electronic voice] That's one small…
[imitates fart] …for man,
one giant… [imitates fart] …for mankind.
Sorry. Sorry. But come on. That's…
That's objectively funny.
I haven't seen this one. This--
You should be ashamed.
I'm ashamed I have a son
that's capable of that kind of bullying.
You think I did this?
You've done nothing but mess with him
since he's moved here.
This wasn't me.
It is hard enough being a new kid.
Plus, his dad is overseas,
his mom works nights,
and he's gotta
deal with kids being assholes?
He's been just as much of a jerk to me.
We are not keeping score, Anthony.
This beef ends today.
We need to get Kenny on a plane.
The only way that's gonna happen
is if you apologize.
No. No way. No, I'm not apologizing
for something I didn't even do, Mom!
I am not asking.
Get in the car.
Yeah, this isn't making me feel better.
No offense.
[woman] It's not your fault, Pickles.
Well, some people just can't be helped.
Bless his heart.
Sir, you can't be here.
-Miguel.
-Oh my God.
Miguel.
Miguel!
-Come on, man.
-[man] Hey!
I'm trying to relax, and you…
you don't belong up here.
So go. Go!
Or do you wanna have a problem?
You're about to have a problem.
[man scoffs] Try it, pal.
I'd love to see you on the no-fly list.
Both of you, please sit down.
Then get him to shut up for me.
Better yet, why don't you get me
another one of these?
I'm just trying to talk to my kid.
All right?
We had a family emergency.
I just wanna make sure he's okay.
Sir.
-Did you wanna speak to him?
-[Miguel] No.
No, please.
He doesn't want to speak to you.
Have a seat.
No, that's impossible. Just ask--
I asked him already. Thank you.
[dance music plays]
This place is beat.
Go back to the first bar?
Nah, man. Too many teens.
Let's find some real women.
-Yeah.
-[Kim] Hey.
-Hey. Nice ponytail.
-[man 1 chuckles]
You said you saw teens.
See any with matching jackets
and snakes on them?
Yeah, we did, didn't we?
Little blonde girl with some Chinese kids.
What bar were they at?
I'll tell you if you let me
take you for a ride, pony.
[man 1 laughs]
Think you can handle it?
Mm-hmm.
-[Kim grunts]
-[man 2 groans]
-[Kim Da-Eun yells]
-Let go of me, you psycho.
-[Kim Da-Eun grunts]
-[man groans]
[grunting]
Where are teens?
-You tell him, I'll break your arm.
-[man 2 groans]
If you tell her, I will break your neck.
[both] Teo's Tapas Bar!
[both gasp for air]
First you kidnap Daniel-san.
Now you go after kids?
You bring dishonor to karate.
You're spewing nonsense.
Are you drunk again?
-You've missed the whole tournament.
-No. I know truth.
Your long-haired goon
put Daniel-san in dog cage.
Dog cage?
Whatever you think happened,
Cobra Kai had nothing to do with it.
I would know.
Do not be so sure.
Maybe Kreese do without you, huh?
[sighs]
[distant pop music plays]
[exhales sharply]
Oh, sorry, I…
Sorry, I… I didn't mean
to startle you. Um…
I'm Sam, by the way.
Axel.
That's a pretty cool kata.
What's it called?
I… I am not supposed
to speak with opponent.
We're not on the mat.
It's pretty late to be training.
Always time for training.
Whoa, whoa!
What happened to your back?
Uh, from bo staff competition.
Nobody's been able
to land a point on you yet.
I saw what happened with your sensei.
My sensei wants me to be the best.
It's because of him I never lose.
There are other ways of teaching.
I mean, I gotta admit,
your dojo's pretty great.
[Axel] Thank you.
You're pretty…
Your… your dojo's pretty good too.
We try.
Mind if I join?
You wanna switch dojos?
Your walk. I was going back to hotel.
Oh, yeah. [chuckles]
Yeah, sure.
[upbeat music plays]
[line ringing]
Hi. I'm happy to see your cute face.
What's up?
Nothing.
I just miss you. I wish you were here.
Oh, babe. I miss you too.
It looks like you're having fun.
Where are you?
We're at this little tapas bar.
It's pretty cool. I'll show you.
[upbeat music continues]
[Moon] Uh, wait, wait. Go back.
I-Is that Demetri?
You shady little man-whore.
Oh shit.
[upbeat music continues]
[bartender] Another double rum and Coke.
[Tory] I'm getting out of here.
[upbeat music continues]
[cell phone buzzes]
Ooh, um, I will be right back, mi amor.
Uh, save my spot.
[chuckles]
No need to worry.
I'll keep her warm tonight.
Oh, come on.
Make a move.
Guess I'll just have to kick your ass
on the mat, then.
Again.
Now, excuse me.
Someone is waiting for me.
[upbeat music continues]
[music stops]
[doorbell chimes]
What the hell do you want?
I'm here to say sorry.
I guess for you shitting your pants.
Which I had nothing to do with.
But my mom's blaming me.
You must've said something.
Which, if you did, is such a bitch move.
-[fist thuds]
-Ow!
-[Anthony] What the hell?
-[both grunt]
[grunting continues]
[Amanda] Fucking karate.
[Kenny yells]
[both grunt]
[Amanda] Hey! Hey, hey!
What is wrong with you boys?
-He hit me first!
-And I'll do it again!
Oh, stop it! Stop it!
-You can't keep hurting each other.
-[Kenny] I tried to move on.
I took a big leap coming to Miyagi-Do,
just to get humiliated because of him.
-It wasn't me!
-[Kenny] It was you!
Enough!
Do you realize how stupid this is?
The whole reason
a spot is even open in Miyagi-Do
is because Miguel's mom
is in the hospital.
He is on a plane right now,
not knowing if she's even gonna make it.
Some people have real shit
they're dealing with.
But if you two can't get past this,
then your friends in Spain
are gonna have to forfeit.
This is never gonna end
until one of you ends it.
Someone is gonna have to lose that battle
so you can finally end the war. Okay?
So who's it gonna be?
Huh?
-Anth--
-Bitch.
[snoring]
[intriguing Spanish music plays]
[music stops]
Just hear me out.
I'm sorry I wasn't there for you more
in Barcelona.
All right, I saw you killing it out there.
I didn't think you needed my support
as much as Robby.
He doesn't have what you have.
He's not going to college next year.
Sekai Taikai is the biggest thing
he's got going for him.
But I see how that made you feel.
You're my son too.
[gentle music plays]
As for your mom,
I'm really scared.
I love her so much.
I've tried my best to get myself together,
be a good guy.
Things like this happen, and it feels like
I could lose everything all over again.
The truth is,
I don't know if she's gonna be okay.
But I can't think of the alternative.
All right?
Yeah.
Jesus Christ, man.
This… this ain't hard, okay?
I sit up here in the big boy seats,
and you,
you go all the way in the back
with the lazy losers.
Hey, man,
I'm just trying to talk to my kid.
I didn't ask you for your life story.
I asked you to go back where you belong.
And I've asked you a few times now,
so I'm not asking you again.
Stop it. If there's any violence,
I'll have to call the captain.
So call him, sweetheart.
Hey, man, just relax, all right?
Yeah. I'm gonna relax, big boss man.
Okay.
-[fist thuds]
-[passengers gasp and laugh]
[applause]
[woman] That's what you get, dickhead.
That was a great shot. Good back knuckle.
-Thanks, everyone. We got him.
-[man groans]
[Sam] So, what do you think of Barcelona?
Reminds me of Koh Samui.
You've been to Thailand?
And Japan,
China,
Malaysia, India,
every country in Europe.
Oh, okay. Yeah, I got it.
Other than a couple of trips
to Disney World,
I haven't really been
outside of California.
But there's so much world to see.
And Barcelona's not
such a bad place to start.
[romantic music plays]
What do you hope to see while here?
I mean, everything.
Las Ramblas, uh, Cascada Monumental.
Uh, I don't know, Park Güell.
And end with fight
for the world tournament of karate?
[laughs] Exactly.
[Kwon] How cute.
[ominous music plays]
Little rival team play time, huh?
[Kwon chuckles]
Just ignore them.
Say the magic words.
Move aside.
[ominous music continues]
Wrong.
Just leave us alone.
Only if you say "please."
[tense music plays]
[grunting]
Hit me. Come on.
[Sam yells]
Come on, I'll take you both.
Let's go.
[in Korean] Hey.
We can't get caught. Come on!
[Sam in English] Let's go.
Let's go.
-I'll see you on the mat.
-[Sam] We gotta go!
[sirens wail]
[Sam panting]
Cobra Kai.
Those assholes.
Nice round kick.
[exhales] Nice counterstrike.
[sighs]
I think the coast is clear.
Whoa, whoa. No. I--
-I'm--
-I… I'm sorry. I thought--
No, no, I'm… I… I have a boyfriend.
I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong idea.
Already after curfew. I… I must go. Sorry.
Bye.
[melancholy music plays]
[Demetri] I cannot believe
you would rat me out to Yas.
She dumped me.
This is not my fault. You were the one
dancing with another girl.
You just can't handle
that she wanted me over you.
[Hawk] What are you talking about?
I turned her down.
[Demetri] No, it's fine.
Obviously, you're jealous.
But to ruin my relationship over it?
That is a new low, even for you.
Okay, no one here is jealous.
If you don't like facing consequences,
maybe don't do shitty things.
[scoffs]
Some people cannot take
any damn accountability.
Right.
Accountability.
Sorry for yelling.
There's just a lot going on.
I know you're trying to make things right,
but… I don't know if I can ever get over
everything that's gone down.
Grudges are hard to overcome.
But you know what's also hard?
Becoming an elite karate fighter.
Which you did faster than anyone I know.
And I know a lot of people in karate.
It's not just about Anthony.
The truth is,
I don't know
if I could face everyone else again.
You got embarrassed.
It sucks.
But at some point,
you're gonna have to see 'em.
So go show them
that you are not Shit Butt.
-[Kenny exhales]
-You are Kenny Payne.
A member of the dojo that,
with your help,
is gonna win the Sekai Taikai.
It'd be pretty cool
to come back a world champion.
Yes, it would! [chuckles]
[Anthony] Hey, Mom?
Give us a minute?
Yeah. Course.
Listen, man, um,
I swear on my life
that I did not dose you.
But I've been enough of an asshole
that I see why you'd think it was me.
It's fine.
No, it's not.
And since I started this war,
it's on me to end it.
Which is why
I'm gonna shit my pants.
[cell phone buzzes]
Wait, dude. Hold on. Give me one second.
Devon? What's up?
[Devon] Hey, uh, Kenny.
Um, I… I heard
you might come to Barcelona.
Which is awesome,
but there's something I need to tell you.
I put the laxatives in your drink.
-What?
-I… I am so, so sorry. I feel terrible.
I was just feeling so much pressure and--
Hey, can we just talk about this
when I get there? I really gotta go.
Wait. Uh, yeah.
-Yes, of course, yes. Um--
-[cell phone beeps]
Oh shit.
[exhales]
[gulps]
How long does it take to kick in?
I don't know, dude. But you better go.
You're gonna want home-field advantage.
Okay, cool. We good?
We're good.
Cool.
Uh, Mom, start the car, please.
[upbeat music plays]
Uh, did you see American kids?
One with, uh, hawk hair.
Oh, yeah, yeah, a little while ago.
[exhales] Did they get in fight?
Not that I saw.
[exhales]
[Kim exhales]
Worry for nothing.
Looks that way.
[upbeat music continues]
What do you call, uh, headlock move
you use on idiot tourist?
As if I'd give away my secrets
to the enemy.
-I am not enemy.
-[Kim Da-Eun] Oh, that's right.
Your enemy is the orchid.
I assume that was about a girl.
No talk about it.
Why not?
Chozen doesn't like girls?
I never said that.
She must have really broken your heart
if you let a little flower take you down.
Nothing take me down.
I bet I could.
You would not last one second
in fight with me, eh?
Let's find out.
-[upbeat music continues]
-[Kim Da-Eun grunts]
[Kim Da-Eun] Hyah!
[both grunt]
-[Chozen] Hm?
-[Kim Da-Eun sighs]
[Kim Da-Eun grunts]
[upbeat music continues]
[patrons cheer and whoop]
-[woman 1] Yeah!
-[whistling]
[music fades]
[ominous music plays]
My head is pounding.
I barely remember last night.
Well, good thing I do.
[elevator dings]
[ominous music intensifies]
[Spanish music plays]
Thanks for your bravery on that flight.
Nothing more dangerous
than a drunk, rich asshole.
-Hope everything goes well with your mom.
-Thank you for the help with the drive.
[tense music plays]
-Excuse me.
-We're here to see Carmen Diaz.
-Uh, room 54.
-Four…
-Fi-- fifty-four.
-Uh, wait!
-Mom. Mom.
-[music stops]
[Miguel sobs] What?
[tense music plays]
Where's… where's the woman
whose room this is?
[somber music plays]
Carmen? Dónde está Carmen?
[Miguel speaks Spanish]
-[woman] No. Sorry.
-Where is she?
-Was she in this room?
-I don't know.
-Where is she?
You said she was gonna be okay.
[crying] You said she was gonna be okay!
-[Miguel sobs]
-Hey, all right, all right.
[Miguel continues sobbing]
[Carmen] Miggy?
-Johnny.
-Hey, hey.
-What are you guys doing here?
-[Miguel] Mom!
Oh, baby!
We had to do an emergency cerclage.
And we were worried for a few hours,
but she's a fighter. And the baby too.
She just needs to stay on bed rest
for the next few weeks as she recovers.
I'll give you all a moment.
[Miguel] Thank you.
Hey.
[gentle music plays]
I can't believe
you guys flew all the way back here.
You're the best mom in the world.
Of course we came back.
We're never leaving you again.
She's so lucky to have you as a dad.
And plus,
no one's going to mess with a girl
whose big brother won the Sekai Taikai.
[rock music plays]
-Wait. What do you mean?
-[Carmen] You heard the doctor.
I'm fine now, really.
And I just need to rest.
Mama's here.
There'll be nothing for you to do.
So you and Miggy need to go back to Spain.
Mom, we just got here.
Karate… is what brought us together.
And this is your big chance, Miguel.
Go back and finish what you started.
Both of you.
Just promise me one thing.
Of course. Anything.
[gentle music plays]
Win.
[rock music plays]
[rock music continues]
[music stops]
[romantic Spanish music plays]
Obviously, this stays between us.
Agreed.
And no one can know
what happened on the beach.
One-time thing.
Well, two if we count morning.
[Kim] Well, from here on out,
we must remain professional.
Yes.
What happen in Barcelona
stay in Barcelona. [chuckles]
[grunts]
[ominous music plays]
[Chozen] Goon with long hair.
He with you?
I've never seen him before.
But Sensei Kreese has.
[suspenseful music plays]
[elevator dings]
[Daniel] Okay. What's the big emergency?
[tense music crescendos]
What's she doing here?
Uh, we just crossed paths.
Uh, by mistake.
Mistake?
We found man who kidnapped you.
Follow him here.
[tense music plays]
Well, well, well.
The gang's all here.
What's this about?
You called Kreese?
Of course I did.
I have questions of my own.
You know, I haven't forgotten
about yesterday's assault.
Actions have consequences, Daniel.
As you're about to find out.
Let's go.
[tense music continues]
[Daniel] There he is.
[Chozen] Now we get answers.
Nice job. You've got them running scared.
[Daniel] Hey. Wait.
Sensei Wolf?
You sent this thug to kidnap me?
Why?
[man] Because, Danny boy…
[dramatic music plays]
…what would life be
without a few surprises?
[dramatic music continues]
[music fades]
[theme music plays]